Data Layer API: Rework DataSource Desc. (#8505)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/30 Data Layer/DataSource/DataSource.md

- Do not use a **DataSource** instance in multiple DevExtreme components. To share data across components, use a common [data store](/concepts/70%20Data%20Binding/5%20Data%20Layer/1%20Creating%20DataSource/3%20What%20Are%20Stores.md '/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Data_Layer/#Creating_DataSource/What_Are_Stores').

- In filtering and sorting operations, **DataSource** ignores letter cases. To implement case-sensitive filtering and sorting, specify **langParams**.[collatorOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/langParams/#collatorOptions) and set [sensitivity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/Collator/Collator#sensitivity) to *"case"* or *"variant"*:

        <!-- tab: index.js -->
        const dataSource = new DevExpress.data.DataSource({
            langParams: {
                locale: 'en',
                collatorOptions: {
                    sensitivity: 'case',
                }
            }
        });

- **DataSource** is immutable. Call DataSource [methods](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Methods/) to manipulate an instance of this object.

##### Angular

> - If you create a **DataSource** instance outside a DevExtreme component, make sure to call [dispose()](/api-reference/30%20Data%20Layer/DataSource/3%20Methods/dispose().md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Methods/#dispose') when this instance is no longer required. **DataSource** instances created in DevExtreme components are disposed of automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you create a **DataSource** instance outside a DevExtreme component, ensure you call [dispose()](/api-reference/30%20Data%20Layer/DataSource/3%20Methods/dispose().md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Methods/#dispose') when this instance is no longer required. **DataSource** instances created in DevExtreme components are disposed of automatically.
```

- Do not use a **DataSource** instance in multiple DevExtreme components. To share data across components, use a common [data store](/concepts/70%20Data%20Binding/5%20Data%20Layer/1%20Creating%20DataSource/3%20What%20Are%20Stores.md '/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Data_Layer/#Creating_DataSource/What_Are_Stores').

- In filtering and sorting operations, **DataSource** ignores letter cases. To implement case-sensitive filtering and sorting, specify **langParams**.[collatorOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/langParams/#collatorOptions) and set [sensitivity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/Collator/Collator#sensitivity) to *"case"* or *"variant"*:

        <!-- tab: App.vue -->
        const dataSource = new DataSource({
            langParams: {
                locale: 'en',
                collatorOptions: {
                    sensitivity: 'case',
                }
            }
        });

- **DataSource** is immutable. Call DataSource [methods](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Methods/) to manipulate an instance of this object.

##### React

> - If you create a **DataSource** instance outside a DevExtreme component, make sure to call [dispose()](/api-reference/30%20Data%20Layer/DataSource/3%20Methods/dispose().md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Methods/#dispose') when this instance is no longer required. **DataSource** instances created in DevExtreme components are disposed of automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you create a **DataSource** instance outside a DevExtreme component, ensure you call [dispose()](/api-reference/30%20Data%20Layer/DataSource/3%20Methods/dispose().md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Methods/#dispose') when this instance is no longer required. **DataSource** instances created in DevExtreme components are disposed of automatically.
```
